# metal
# Introduction
Equinix Metal provides a RESTful HTTP API which can be reached at <https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1>. This document describes the API and how to use it.

The API allows you to programmatically interact with all
of your Equinix Metal resources, including devices, networks, addresses, organizations,
projects, and your user account. Every feature of the Equinix Metal web interface is accessible through the API.

The API docs are generated from the Equinix Metal OpenAPI specification and are officially hosted at <https://metal.equinix.com/developers/api>.

# Common Parameters

The Equinix Metal API uses a few methods to minimize network traffic and improve throughput. These parameters are not used in all API calls, but are used often enough to warrant their own section. Look for these parameters in the documentation for the API calls that support them.

## Pagination

Pagination is used to limit the number of results returned in a single request. The API will return a maximum of 100 results per page. To retrieve additional results, you can use the `page` and `per_page` query parameters.

The `page` parameter is used to specify the page number. The first page is `1`. The `per_page` parameter is used to specify the number of results per page. The maximum number of results differs by resource type.

## Sorting

Where offered, the API allows you to sort results by a specific field. To sort results use the `sort_by` query parameter with the root level field name as the value. The `sort_direction` parameter is used to specify the sort direction, either either `asc` (ascending) or `desc` (descending).

## Filtering

Filtering is used to limit the results returned in a single request. The API supports filtering by certain fields in the response. To filter results, you can use the field as a query parameter.

For example, to filter the IP list to only return public IPv4 addresses, you can filter by the `type` field, as in the following request:

```sh
curl -H 'X-Auth-Token: my_authentication_token' \\
  https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1/projects/id/ips?type=public_ipv4
```

Only IP addresses with the `type` field set to `public_ipv4` will be returned.

## Searching

Searching is used to find matching resources using multiple field comparissons. The API supports searching in resources that define this behavior. The fields available for search differ by resource, as does the search strategy.

To search resources you can use the `search` query parameter.

## Include and Exclude

For resources that contain references to other resources, sucha as a Device that refers to the Project it resides in, the Equinix Metal API will returns `href` values (API links) to the associated resource.

```json
{
  ...
  \"project\": {
    \"href\": \"/metal/v1/projects/f3f131c8-f302-49ef-8c44-9405022dc6dd\"
  }
}
```

If you're going need the project details, you can avoid a second API request.  Specify the contained `href` resources and collections that you'd like to have included in the response using the `include` query parameter.

For example:

```sh
curl -H 'X-Auth-Token: my_authentication_token' \\
  https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1/user?include=projects
```

The `include` parameter is generally accepted in `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, and `PATCH` requests where `href` resources are presented.

To have multiple resources include, use a comma-separated list (e.g. `?include=emails,projects,memberships`).

```sh
curl -H 'X-Auth-Token: my_authentication_token' \\
  https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1/user?include=emails,projects,memberships
```

You may also include nested associations up to three levels deep using dot notation (`?include=memberships.projects`):

```sh
curl -H 'X-Auth-Token: my_authentication_token' \\
  https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1/user?include=memberships.projects
```

To exclude resources, and optimize response delivery, use the `exclude` query parameter. The `exclude` parameter is generally accepted in `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, and `PATCH` requests for fields with nested object responses. When excluded, these fields will be replaced with an object that contains only an `href` field.


This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python &gt;&#x3D;3.7

## Migration from other generators like python and python-legacy

### Changes
1. This generator uses spec case for all (object) property names and parameter names.
    - So if the spec has a property name like camelCase, it will use camelCase rather than camel_case
    - So you will need to update how you input and read properties to use spec case
2. Endpoint parameters are stored in dictionaries to prevent collisions (explanation below)
    - So you will need to update how you pass data in to endpoints
3. Endpoint responses now include the original response, the deserialized response body, and (todo)the deserialized headers
    - So you will need to update your code to use response.body to access deserialized data
4. All validated data is instantiated in an instance that subclasses all validated Schema classes and Decimal/str/list/tuple/frozendict/NoneClass/BoolClass/bytes/io.FileIO
    - This means that you can use isinstance to check if a payload validated against a schema class
    - This means that no data will be of type None/True/False
        - ingested None will subclass NoneClass
        - ingested True will subclass BoolClass
        - ingested False will subclass BoolClass
        - So if you need to check is True/False/None, instead use instance.is_true_oapg()/.is_false_oapg()/.is_none_oapg()
5. All validated class instances are immutable except for ones based on io.File
    - This is because if properties were changed after validation, that validation would no longer apply
    - So no changing values or property values after a class has been instantiated
6. String + Number types with formats
    - String type data is stored as a string and if you need to access types based on its format like date,
    date-time, uuid, number etc then you will need to use accessor functions on the instance
    - type string + format: See .as_date_oapg, .as_datetime_oapg, .as_decimal_oapg, .as_uuid_oapg
    - type number + format: See .as_float_oapg, .as_int_oapg
    - this was done because openapi/json-schema defines constraints. string data may be type string with no format
    keyword in one schema, and include a format constraint in another schema
    - So if you need to access a string format based type, use as_date_oapg/as_datetime_oapg/as_decimal_oapg/as_uuid_oapg
    - So if you need to access a number format based type, use as_int_oapg/as_float_oapg
7. Property access on AnyType(type unset) or object(dict) schemas
    - Only required keys with valid python names are properties like .someProp and have type hints
    - All optional keys may not exist, so properties are not defined for them
    - One can access optional values with dict_instance['optionalProp'] and KeyError will be raised if it does not exist
    - Use get_item_oapg if you need a way to always get a value whether or not the key exists
        - If the key does not exist, schemas.unset is returned from calling dict_instance.get_item_oapg('optionalProp')
        - All required and optional keys have type hints for this method, and @typing.overload is used
        - A type hint is also generated for additionalProperties accessed using this method
    - So you will need to update you code to use some_instance['optionalProp'] to access optional property
    and additionalProperty values
8. The location of the api classes has changed
    - Api classes are located in your_package.apis.tags.some_api
    - This change was made to eliminate redundant code generation
    - Legacy generators generated the same endpoint twice if it had > 1 tag on it
    - This generator defines an endpoint in one class, then inherits that class to generate
      apis by tags and by paths
    - This change reduces code and allows quicker run time if you use the path apis
        - path apis are at your_package.apis.paths.some_path
    - Those apis will only load their needed models, which is less to load than all of the resources needed in a tag api
    - So you will need to update your import paths to the api classes

### Why are Oapg and _oapg used in class and method names?
Classes can have arbitrarily named properties set on them
Endpoints can have arbitrary operationId method names set
For those reasons, I use the prefix Oapg and _oapg to greatly reduce the likelihood of collisions
on protected + public classes/methods.
oapg stands for OpenApi Python Generator.

### Object property spec case
This was done because when payloads are ingested, they can be validated against N number of schemas.
If the input signature used a different property name then that has mutated the payload.
So SchemaA and SchemaB must both see the camelCase spec named variable.
Also it is possible to send in two properties, named camelCase and camel_case in the same payload.
That use case should be support so spec case is used.

### Parameter spec case
Parameters can be included in different locations including:
- query
- path
- header
- cookie

Any of those parameters could use the same parameter names, so if every parameter
was included as an endpoint parameter in a function signature, they would collide.
For that reason, each of those inputs have been separated out into separate typed dictionaries:
- query_params
- path_params
- header_params
- cookie_params

So when updating your code, you will need to pass endpoint parameters in using those
dictionaries.

### Endpoint responses
Endpoint responses have been enriched to now include more information.
Any response reom an endpoint will now include the following properties:
response: urllib3.HTTPResponse
body: typing.Union[Unset, Schema]
headers: typing.Union[Unset, TODO]
Note: response header deserialization has not yet been added


## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/displague/metal-python.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/displague/metal-python.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import metal
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import metal
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import time
import metal
from pprint import pprint
from metal.models.tags import authentication_api
from metal.types.auth_token import AuthToken
from metal.types.auth_token_input import AuthTokenInput
from metal.types.auth_token_list import AuthTokenList
from metal.types.error import Error
# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = metal.Configuration(
    host = "https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

# Configure API key authorization: x_auth_token
configuration.api_key['x_auth_token'] = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

# Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
# configuration.api_key_prefix['x_auth_token'] = 'Bearer'

# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with metal.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = authentication_api.AuthenticationApi(api_client)
    auth_token_input = AuthTokenInput(
        description="description_example",
        read_only=True,
    ) # AuthTokenInput | API key to create

    try:
        # Create an API key
        api_response = api_instance.create_api_key(auth_token_input)
        pprint(api_response)
    except metal.ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling AuthenticationApi->create_api_key: %s\n" % e)
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.equinix.com/metal/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AuthenticationApi* | [**create_api_key**](docs/apis/tags/AuthenticationApi.md#create_api_key) | **post** /user/api-keys | Create an API key
*AuthenticationApi* | [**create_project_api_key**](docs/apis/tags/AuthenticationApi.md#create_project_api_key) | **post** /projects/{id}/api-keys | Create an API key for a project.
*AuthenticationApi* | [**delete_api_key**](docs/apis/tags/AuthenticationApi.md#delete_api_key) | **delete** /api-keys/{id} | Delete the API key
*AuthenticationApi* | [**delete_user_api_key**](docs/apis/tags/AuthenticationApi.md#delete_user_api_key) | **delete** /user/api-keys/{id} | Delete the API key
*AuthenticationApi* | [**find_api_keys**](docs/apis/tags/AuthenticationApi.md#find_api_keys) | **get** /user/api-keys | Retrieve all user API keys
*AuthenticationApi* | [**find_project_api_keys**](docs/apis/tags/AuthenticationApi.md#find_project_api_keys) | **get** /projects/{id}/api-keys | Retrieve all API keys for the project.
*BGPApi* | [**delete_bgp_session**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#delete_bgp_session) | **delete** /bgp/sessions/{id} | Delete the BGP session
*BGPApi* | [**find_bgp_config_by_project**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#find_bgp_config_by_project) | **get** /projects/{id}/bgp-config | Retrieve a bgp config
*BGPApi* | [**find_bgp_session_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#find_bgp_session_by_id) | **get** /bgp/sessions/{id} | Retrieve a BGP session
*BGPApi* | [**find_global_bgp_ranges**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#find_global_bgp_ranges) | **get** /projects/{id}/global-bgp-ranges | Retrieve all global bgp ranges
*BGPApi* | [**find_project_bgp_sessions**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#find_project_bgp_sessions) | **get** /projects/{id}/bgp/sessions | Retrieve all BGP sessions for project
*BGPApi* | [**request_bgp_config**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#request_bgp_config) | **post** /projects/{id}/bgp-configs | Requesting bgp config
*BGPApi* | [**update_bgp_session**](docs/apis/tags/BGPApi.md#update_bgp_session) | **put** /bgp/sessions/{id} | Update the BGP session
*BatchesApi* | [**create_device_batch**](docs/apis/tags/BatchesApi.md#create_device_batch) | **post** /projects/{id}/devices/batch | Create a devices batch
*BatchesApi* | [**delete_batch**](docs/apis/tags/BatchesApi.md#delete_batch) | **delete** /batches/{id} | Delete the Batch
*BatchesApi* | [**find_batch_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/BatchesApi.md#find_batch_by_id) | **get** /batches/{id} | Retrieve a Batch
*BatchesApi* | [**find_batches_by_project**](docs/apis/tags/BatchesApi.md#find_batches_by_project) | **get** /projects/{id}/batches | Retrieve all batches by project
*CapacityApi* | [**check_capacity_for_facility**](docs/apis/tags/CapacityApi.md#check_capacity_for_facility) | **post** /capacity | Check capacity
*CapacityApi* | [**check_capacity_for_metro**](docs/apis/tags/CapacityApi.md#check_capacity_for_metro) | **post** /capacity/metros | Check capacity for a metro
*CapacityApi* | [**find_capacity_for_facility**](docs/apis/tags/CapacityApi.md#find_capacity_for_facility) | **get** /capacity | View capacity
*CapacityApi* | [**find_capacity_for_metro**](docs/apis/tags/CapacityApi.md#find_capacity_for_metro) | **get** /capacity/metros | View capacity for metros
*CapacityApi* | [**find_organization_capacity_per_facility**](docs/apis/tags/CapacityApi.md#find_organization_capacity_per_facility) | **get** /organizations/{id}/capacity | View available hardware plans per Facility for given organization
*CapacityApi* | [**find_organization_capacity_per_metro**](docs/apis/tags/CapacityApi.md#find_organization_capacity_per_metro) | **get** /organizations/{id}/capacity/metros | View available hardware plans per Metro for given organization
*DevicesApi* | [**create_bgp_session**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#create_bgp_session) | **post** /devices/{id}/bgp/sessions | Create a BGP session
*DevicesApi* | [**create_device**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#create_device) | **post** /projects/{id}/devices | Create a device
*DevicesApi* | [**create_ip_assignment**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#create_ip_assignment) | **post** /devices/{id}/ips | Create an ip assignment
*DevicesApi* | [**delete_device**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#delete_device) | **delete** /devices/{id} | Delete the device
*DevicesApi* | [**find_bgp_sessions**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_bgp_sessions) | **get** /devices/{id}/bgp/sessions | Retrieve all BGP sessions
*DevicesApi* | [**find_device_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_device_by_id) | **get** /devices/{id} | Retrieve a device
*DevicesApi* | [**find_device_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_device_customdata) | **get** /devices/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of an instance
*DevicesApi* | [**find_device_metadata_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_device_metadata_by_id) | **get** /devices/{id}/metadata | Retrieve metadata
*DevicesApi* | [**find_device_userdata_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_device_userdata_by_id) | **get** /devices/{id}/userdata | Retrieve userdata
*DevicesApi* | [**find_instance_bandwidth**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_instance_bandwidth) | **get** /devices/{id}/bandwidth | Retrieve an instance bandwidth
*DevicesApi* | [**find_ip_assignment_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_ip_assignment_customdata) | **get** /devices/{instance_id}/ips/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of an IP Assignment
*DevicesApi* | [**find_ip_assignments**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_ip_assignments) | **get** /devices/{id}/ips | Retrieve all ip assignments
*DevicesApi* | [**find_organization_devices**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_organization_devices) | **get** /organizations/{id}/devices | Retrieve all devices of an organization
*DevicesApi* | [**find_project_devices**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_project_devices) | **get** /projects/{id}/devices | Retrieve all devices of a project
*DevicesApi* | [**find_traffic**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#find_traffic) | **get** /devices/{id}/traffic | Retrieve device traffic
*DevicesApi* | [**get_bgp_neighbor_data**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#get_bgp_neighbor_data) | **get** /devices/{id}/bgp/neighbors | Retrieve BGP neighbor data for this device
*DevicesApi* | [**perform_action**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#perform_action) | **post** /devices/{id}/actions | Perform an action
*DevicesApi* | [**update_device**](docs/apis/tags/DevicesApi.md#update_device) | **put** /devices/{id} | Update the device
*EmailsApi* | [**create_email**](docs/apis/tags/EmailsApi.md#create_email) | **post** /emails | Create an email
*EmailsApi* | [**delete_email**](docs/apis/tags/EmailsApi.md#delete_email) | **delete** /emails/{id} | Delete the email
*EmailsApi* | [**find_email_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/EmailsApi.md#find_email_by_id) | **get** /emails/{id} | Retrieve an email
*EmailsApi* | [**update_email**](docs/apis/tags/EmailsApi.md#update_email) | **put** /emails/{id} | Update the email
*EventsApi* | [**find_device_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_device_events) | **get** /devices/{id}/events | Retrieve device&#x27;s events
*EventsApi* | [**find_event_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_event_by_id) | **get** /events/{id} | Retrieve an event
*EventsApi* | [**find_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_events) | **get** /events | Retrieve current user&#x27;s events
*EventsApi* | [**find_interconnection_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_interconnection_events) | **get** /connections/{connection_id}/events | Retrieve interconnection events
*EventsApi* | [**find_interconnection_port_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_interconnection_port_events) | **get** /connections/{connection_id}/ports/{id}/events | Retrieve interconnection port events
*EventsApi* | [**find_organization_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_organization_events) | **get** /organizations/{id}/events | Retrieve organization&#x27;s events
*EventsApi* | [**find_project_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_project_events) | **get** /projects/{id}/events | Retrieve project&#x27;s events
*EventsApi* | [**find_virtual_circuit_events**](docs/apis/tags/EventsApi.md#find_virtual_circuit_events) | **get** /virtual-circuits/{id}/events | Retrieve interconnection events
*FacilitiesApi* | [**find_facilities**](docs/apis/tags/FacilitiesApi.md#find_facilities) | **get** /facilities | Retrieve all facilities
*FacilitiesApi* | [**find_facilities_by_organization**](docs/apis/tags/FacilitiesApi.md#find_facilities_by_organization) | **get** /organizations/{id}/facilities | Retrieve all facilities visible by the organization
*FacilitiesApi* | [**find_facilities_by_project**](docs/apis/tags/FacilitiesApi.md#find_facilities_by_project) | **get** /projects/{id}/facilities | Retrieve all facilities visible by the project
*HardwareReservationsApi* | [**activate_hardware_reservation**](docs/apis/tags/HardwareReservationsApi.md#activate_hardware_reservation) | **post** /hardware-reservations/{id}/activate | Activate a spare hardware reservation
*HardwareReservationsApi* | [**find_hardware_reservation_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/HardwareReservationsApi.md#find_hardware_reservation_by_id) | **get** /hardware-reservations/{id} | Retrieve a hardware reservation
*HardwareReservationsApi* | [**find_project_hardware_reservations**](docs/apis/tags/HardwareReservationsApi.md#find_project_hardware_reservations) | **get** /projects/{id}/hardware-reservations | Retrieve all hardware reservations for a given project
*HardwareReservationsApi* | [**move_hardware_reservation**](docs/apis/tags/HardwareReservationsApi.md#move_hardware_reservation) | **post** /hardware-reservations/{id}/move | Move a hardware reservation
*IPAddressesApi* | [**delete_ip_address**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#delete_ip_address) | **delete** /ips/{id} | Unassign an ip address
*IPAddressesApi* | [**find_ip_address_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#find_ip_address_by_id) | **get** /ips/{id} | Retrieve an ip address
*IPAddressesApi* | [**find_ip_address_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#find_ip_address_customdata) | **get** /ips/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of an IP Reservation or IP Assignment
*IPAddressesApi* | [**find_ip_availabilities**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#find_ip_availabilities) | **get** /ips/{id}/available | Retrieve all available subnets of a particular reservation
*IPAddressesApi* | [**find_ip_reservations**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#find_ip_reservations) | **get** /projects/{id}/ips | Retrieve all ip reservations
*IPAddressesApi* | [**request_ip_reservation**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#request_ip_reservation) | **post** /projects/{id}/ips | Requesting IP reservations
*IPAddressesApi* | [**update_ip_address**](docs/apis/tags/IPAddressesApi.md#update_ip_address) | **patch** /ips/{id} | Update an ip address
*IncidentsApi* | [**find_incidents**](docs/apis/tags/IncidentsApi.md#find_incidents) | **get** /incidents | Retrieve the number of incidents
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**create_interconnection_port_virtual_circuit**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#create_interconnection_port_virtual_circuit) | **post** /connections/{connection_id}/ports/{port_id}/virtual-circuits | Create a new Virtual Circuit
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**create_organization_interconnection**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#create_organization_interconnection) | **post** /organizations/{organization_id}/connections | Request a new interconnection for the organization
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**create_project_interconnection**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#create_project_interconnection) | **post** /projects/{project_id}/connections | Request a new interconnection for the project&#x27;s organization
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**delete_interconnection**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#delete_interconnection) | **delete** /connections/{connection_id} | Delete interconnection
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**delete_virtual_circuit**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#delete_virtual_circuit) | **delete** /virtual-circuits/{id} | Delete a virtual circuit
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**get_interconnection**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#get_interconnection) | **get** /connections/{connection_id} | Get interconnection
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**get_interconnection_port**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#get_interconnection_port) | **get** /connections/{connection_id}/ports/{id} | Get a interconnection port
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**get_virtual_circuit**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#get_virtual_circuit) | **get** /virtual-circuits/{id} | Get a virtual circuit
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**list_interconnection_port_virtual_circuits**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#list_interconnection_port_virtual_circuits) | **get** /connections/{connection_id}/ports/{port_id}/virtual-circuits | List a interconnection port&#x27;s virtual circuits
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**list_interconnection_ports**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#list_interconnection_ports) | **get** /connections/{connection_id}/ports | List a interconnection&#x27;s ports
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**list_interconnection_virtual_circuits**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#list_interconnection_virtual_circuits) | **get** /connections/{connection_id}/virtual-circuits | List a interconnection&#x27;s virtual circuits
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**organization_list_interconnections**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#organization_list_interconnections) | **get** /organizations/{organization_id}/connections | List organization connections
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**project_list_interconnections**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#project_list_interconnections) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/connections | List project connections
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**update_interconnection**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#update_interconnection) | **put** /connections/{connection_id} | Update interconnection
*InterconnectionsApi* | [**update_virtual_circuit**](docs/apis/tags/InterconnectionsApi.md#update_virtual_circuit) | **put** /virtual-circuits/{id} | Update a virtual circuit
*InvitationsApi* | [**accept_invitation**](docs/apis/tags/InvitationsApi.md#accept_invitation) | **put** /invitations/{id} | Accept an invitation
*InvitationsApi* | [**decline_invitation**](docs/apis/tags/InvitationsApi.md#decline_invitation) | **delete** /invitations/{id} | Decline an invitation
*InvitationsApi* | [**find_invitation_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/InvitationsApi.md#find_invitation_by_id) | **get** /invitations/{id} | View an invitation
*LicensesApi* | [**create_license**](docs/apis/tags/LicensesApi.md#create_license) | **post** /projects/{id}/licenses | Create a License
*LicensesApi* | [**delete_license**](docs/apis/tags/LicensesApi.md#delete_license) | **delete** /licenses/{id} | Delete the license
*LicensesApi* | [**find_license_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/LicensesApi.md#find_license_by_id) | **get** /licenses/{id} | Retrieve a license
*LicensesApi* | [**find_project_licenses**](docs/apis/tags/LicensesApi.md#find_project_licenses) | **get** /projects/{id}/licenses | Retrieve all licenses
*LicensesApi* | [**update_license**](docs/apis/tags/LicensesApi.md#update_license) | **put** /licenses/{id} | Update the license
*MembershipsApi* | [**delete_membership**](docs/apis/tags/MembershipsApi.md#delete_membership) | **delete** /memberships/{id} | Delete the membership
*MembershipsApi* | [**find_membership_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/MembershipsApi.md#find_membership_by_id) | **get** /memberships/{id} | Retrieve a membership
*MembershipsApi* | [**update_membership**](docs/apis/tags/MembershipsApi.md#update_membership) | **put** /memberships/{id} | Update the membership
*MetalGatewaysApi* | [**create_metal_gateway**](docs/apis/tags/MetalGatewaysApi.md#create_metal_gateway) | **post** /projects/{project_id}/metal-gateways | Create a metal gateway
*MetalGatewaysApi* | [**delete_metal_gateway**](docs/apis/tags/MetalGatewaysApi.md#delete_metal_gateway) | **delete** /metal-gateways/{id} | Deletes the metal gateway
*MetalGatewaysApi* | [**find_metal_gateway_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/MetalGatewaysApi.md#find_metal_gateway_by_id) | **get** /metal-gateways/{id} | Returns the metal gateway
*MetalGatewaysApi* | [**find_metal_gateways_by_project**](docs/apis/tags/MetalGatewaysApi.md#find_metal_gateways_by_project) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/metal-gateways | Returns all metal gateways for a project
*MetrosApi* | [**find_metros**](docs/apis/tags/MetrosApi.md#find_metros) | **get** /locations/metros | Retrieve all metros
*MetrosApi* | [**get_metro**](docs/apis/tags/MetrosApi.md#get_metro) | **get** /locations/metros/{id} | Retrieve a specific Metro&#x27;s details
*OTPsApi* | [**find_ensure_otp**](docs/apis/tags/OTPsApi.md#find_ensure_otp) | **post** /user/otp/verify/{otp} | Verify user by providing an OTP
*OTPsApi* | [**find_recovery_codes**](docs/apis/tags/OTPsApi.md#find_recovery_codes) | **get** /user/otp/recovery-codes | Retrieve my recovery codes
*OTPsApi* | [**receive_codes**](docs/apis/tags/OTPsApi.md#receive_codes) | **post** /user/otp/sms/receive | Receive an OTP per sms
*OTPsApi* | [**regenerate_codes**](docs/apis/tags/OTPsApi.md#regenerate_codes) | **post** /user/otp/recovery-codes | Generate new recovery codes
*OperatingSystemsApi* | [**find_operating_system_version**](docs/apis/tags/OperatingSystemsApi.md#find_operating_system_version) | **get** /operating-system-versions | Retrieve all operating system versions
*OperatingSystemsApi* | [**find_operating_systems**](docs/apis/tags/OperatingSystemsApi.md#find_operating_systems) | **get** /operating-systems | Retrieve all operating systems
*OrganizationsApi* | [**create_organization**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#create_organization) | **post** /organizations | Create an organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**create_organization_invitation**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#create_organization_invitation) | **post** /organizations/{id}/invitations | Create an invitation for an organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**create_organization_project**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#create_organization_project) | **post** /organizations/{id}/projects | Create a project for the organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**create_payment_method**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#create_payment_method) | **post** /organizations/{id}/payment-methods | Create a payment method for the given organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**delete_organization**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#delete_organization) | **delete** /organizations/{id} | Delete the organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_operating_systems_by_organization**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_operating_systems_by_organization) | **get** /organizations/{id}/operating-systems | Retrieve all operating systems visible by the organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organization_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organization_by_id) | **get** /organizations/{id} | Retrieve an organization&#x27;s details
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organization_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organization_customdata) | **get** /organizations/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of an organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organization_invitations**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organization_invitations) | **get** /organizations/{id}/invitations | Retrieve organization invitations
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organization_payment_methods**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organization_payment_methods) | **get** /organizations/{id}/payment-methods | Retrieve all payment methods of an organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organization_projects**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organization_projects) | **get** /organizations/{id}/projects | Retrieve all projects of an organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organization_transfers**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organization_transfers) | **get** /organizations/{id}/transfers | Retrieve all project transfer requests from or to an organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_organizations**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_organizations) | **get** /organizations | Retrieve all organizations
*OrganizationsApi* | [**find_plans_by_organization**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#find_plans_by_organization) | **get** /organizations/{id}/plans | Retrieve all plans visible by the organization
*OrganizationsApi* | [**update_organization**](docs/apis/tags/OrganizationsApi.md#update_organization) | **put** /organizations/{id} | Update the organization
*PasswordResetTokensApi* | [**create_password_reset_token**](docs/apis/tags/PasswordResetTokensApi.md#create_password_reset_token) | **post** /reset-password | Create a password reset token
*PasswordResetTokensApi* | [**reset_password**](docs/apis/tags/PasswordResetTokensApi.md#reset_password) | **delete** /reset-password | Reset current user password
*PaymentMethodsApi* | [**delete_payment_method**](docs/apis/tags/PaymentMethodsApi.md#delete_payment_method) | **delete** /payment-methods/{id} | Delete the payment method
*PaymentMethodsApi* | [**find_payment_method_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/PaymentMethodsApi.md#find_payment_method_by_id) | **get** /payment-methods/{id} | Retrieve a payment method
*PaymentMethodsApi* | [**update_payment_method**](docs/apis/tags/PaymentMethodsApi.md#update_payment_method) | **put** /payment-methods/{id} | Update the payment method
*PlansApi* | [**find_plans**](docs/apis/tags/PlansApi.md#find_plans) | **get** /plans | Retrieve all plans
*PlansApi* | [**find_plans_by_project**](docs/apis/tags/PlansApi.md#find_plans_by_project) | **get** /projects/{id}/plans | Retrieve all plans visible by the project
*PortsApi* | [**assign_native_vlan**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#assign_native_vlan) | **post** /ports/{id}/native-vlan | Assign a native VLAN
*PortsApi* | [**assign_port**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#assign_port) | **post** /ports/{id}/assign | Assign a port to virtual network
*PortsApi* | [**bond_port**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#bond_port) | **post** /ports/{id}/bond | Enabling bonding
*PortsApi* | [**convert_layer2**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#convert_layer2) | **post** /ports/{id}/convert/layer-2 | Convert to Layer 2
*PortsApi* | [**convert_layer3**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#convert_layer3) | **post** /ports/{id}/convert/layer-3 | Convert to Layer 3
*PortsApi* | [**create_port_vlan_assignment_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#create_port_vlan_assignment_batch) | **post** /ports/{id}/vlan-assignments/batches | Create a new Port-VLAN Assignment management batch
*PortsApi* | [**delete_native_vlan**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#delete_native_vlan) | **delete** /ports/{id}/native-vlan | Remove native VLAN
*PortsApi* | [**disbond_port**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#disbond_port) | **post** /ports/{id}/disbond | Disabling bonding
*PortsApi* | [**find_port_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#find_port_by_id) | **get** /ports/{id} | Retrieve a port
*PortsApi* | [**find_port_vlan_assignment_batch_by_port_id_and_batch_id**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#find_port_vlan_assignment_batch_by_port_id_and_batch_id) | **get** /ports/{id}/vlan-assignments/batches/{batch_id} | Retrieve a VLAN Assignment Batch&#x27;s details
*PortsApi* | [**find_port_vlan_assignment_batches**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#find_port_vlan_assignment_batches) | **get** /ports/{id}/vlan-assignments/batches | List the VLAN Assignment Batches for a port
*PortsApi* | [**find_port_vlan_assignment_by_port_id_and_assignment_id**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#find_port_vlan_assignment_by_port_id_and_assignment_id) | **get** /ports/{id}/vlan-assignments/{assignment_id} | Show a particular Port VLAN assignment&#x27;s details
*PortsApi* | [**find_port_vlan_assignments**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#find_port_vlan_assignments) | **get** /ports/{id}/vlan-assignments | List Current VLAN assignments for a port
*PortsApi* | [**unassign_port**](docs/apis/tags/PortsApi.md#unassign_port) | **post** /ports/{id}/unassign | Unassign a port
*ProjectsApi* | [**create_project**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#create_project) | **post** /projects | Create a project
*ProjectsApi* | [**create_project_invitation**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#create_project_invitation) | **post** /projects/{project_id}/invitations | Create an invitation for a project
*ProjectsApi* | [**create_transfer_request**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#create_transfer_request) | **post** /projects/{id}/transfers | Create a transfer request
*ProjectsApi* | [**delete_project**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#delete_project) | **delete** /projects/{id} | Delete the project
*ProjectsApi* | [**find_ip_reservation_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#find_ip_reservation_customdata) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/ips/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of an IP Reservation
*ProjectsApi* | [**find_project_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#find_project_by_id) | **get** /projects/{id} | Retrieve a project
*ProjectsApi* | [**find_project_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#find_project_customdata) | **get** /projects/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of a project
*ProjectsApi* | [**find_project_invitations**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#find_project_invitations) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/invitations | Retrieve project invitations
*ProjectsApi* | [**find_project_memberships**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#find_project_memberships) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/memberships | Retrieve project memberships
*ProjectsApi* | [**find_projects**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#find_projects) | **get** /projects | Retrieve all projects
*ProjectsApi* | [**update_project**](docs/apis/tags/ProjectsApi.md#update_project) | **put** /projects/{id} | Update the project
*SSHKeysApi* | [**create_project_ssh_key**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#create_project_ssh_key) | **post** /projects/{id}/ssh-keys | Create a ssh key for the given project
*SSHKeysApi* | [**create_ssh_key**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#create_ssh_key) | **post** /ssh-keys | Create a ssh key for the current user
*SSHKeysApi* | [**delete_ssh_key**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#delete_ssh_key) | **delete** /ssh-keys/{id} | Delete the ssh key
*SSHKeysApi* | [**find_device_ssh_keys**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#find_device_ssh_keys) | **get** /devices/{id}/ssh-keys | Retrieve a device&#x27;s ssh keys
*SSHKeysApi* | [**find_project_ssh_keys**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#find_project_ssh_keys) | **get** /projects/{id}/ssh-keys | Retrieve a project&#x27;s ssh keys
*SSHKeysApi* | [**find_ssh_key_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#find_ssh_key_by_id) | **get** /ssh-keys/{id} | Retrieve a ssh key
*SSHKeysApi* | [**find_ssh_keys**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#find_ssh_keys) | **get** /ssh-keys | Retrieve all ssh keys
*SSHKeysApi* | [**update_ssh_key**](docs/apis/tags/SSHKeysApi.md#update_ssh_key) | **put** /ssh-keys/{id} | Update the ssh key
*SelfServiceReservationsApi* | [**create_self_service_reservation**](docs/apis/tags/SelfServiceReservationsApi.md#create_self_service_reservation) | **post** /projects/{project_id}/self-service/reservations | Create a reservation
*SelfServiceReservationsApi* | [**find_self_service_reservation**](docs/apis/tags/SelfServiceReservationsApi.md#find_self_service_reservation) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/self-service/reservations/{id} | Retrieve a reservation
*SelfServiceReservationsApi* | [**find_self_service_reservations**](docs/apis/tags/SelfServiceReservationsApi.md#find_self_service_reservations) | **get** /projects/{project_id}/self-service/reservations | Retrieve all reservations
*SpotMarketApi* | [**create_spot_market_request**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#create_spot_market_request) | **post** /projects/{id}/spot-market-requests | Create a spot market request
*SpotMarketApi* | [**delete_spot_market_request**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#delete_spot_market_request) | **delete** /spot-market-requests/{id} | Delete the spot market request
*SpotMarketApi* | [**find_metro_spot_market_prices**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#find_metro_spot_market_prices) | **get** /market/spot/prices/metros | Get current spot market prices for metros
*SpotMarketApi* | [**find_spot_market_prices**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#find_spot_market_prices) | **get** /market/spot/prices | Get current spot market prices
*SpotMarketApi* | [**find_spot_market_prices_history**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#find_spot_market_prices_history) | **get** /market/spot/prices/history | Get spot market prices for a given period of time
*SpotMarketApi* | [**find_spot_market_request_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#find_spot_market_request_by_id) | **get** /spot-market-requests/{id} | Retrieve a spot market request
*SpotMarketApi* | [**list_spot_market_requests**](docs/apis/tags/SpotMarketApi.md#list_spot_market_requests) | **get** /projects/{id}/spot-market-requests | List spot market requests
*SupportRequestApi* | [**request_suppert**](docs/apis/tags/SupportRequestApi.md#request_suppert) | **post** /support-requests | Create a support ticket
*TransferRequestsApi* | [**accept_transfer_request**](docs/apis/tags/TransferRequestsApi.md#accept_transfer_request) | **put** /transfers/{id} | Accept a transfer request
*TransferRequestsApi* | [**decline_transfer_request**](docs/apis/tags/TransferRequestsApi.md#decline_transfer_request) | **delete** /transfers/{id} | Decline a transfer request
*TransferRequestsApi* | [**find_transfer_request_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/TransferRequestsApi.md#find_transfer_request_by_id) | **get** /transfers/{id} | View a transfer request
*TwoFactorAuthApi* | [**disable_tfa_app**](docs/apis/tags/TwoFactorAuthApi.md#disable_tfa_app) | **delete** /user/otp/app | Disable two factor authentication
*TwoFactorAuthApi* | [**disable_tfa_sms**](docs/apis/tags/TwoFactorAuthApi.md#disable_tfa_sms) | **delete** /user/otp/sms | Disable two factor authentication
*TwoFactorAuthApi* | [**enable_tfa_app**](docs/apis/tags/TwoFactorAuthApi.md#enable_tfa_app) | **post** /user/otp/app | Enable two factor auth using app
*TwoFactorAuthApi* | [**enable_tfa_sms**](docs/apis/tags/TwoFactorAuthApi.md#enable_tfa_sms) | **post** /user/otp/sms | Enable two factor auth using sms
*UsagesApi* | [**find_device_usages**](docs/apis/tags/UsagesApi.md#find_device_usages) | **get** /devices/{id}/usages | Retrieve all usages for device
*UsagesApi* | [**find_project_usage**](docs/apis/tags/UsagesApi.md#find_project_usage) | **get** /projects/{id}/usages | Retrieve all usages for project
*UserVerificationTokensApi* | [**consume_verification_request**](docs/apis/tags/UserVerificationTokensApi.md#consume_verification_request) | **put** /verify-email | Verify a user using an email verification token
*UserVerificationTokensApi* | [**create_validation_request**](docs/apis/tags/UserVerificationTokensApi.md#create_validation_request) | **post** /verify-email | Create an email verification request
*UserdataApi* | [**validate_userdata**](docs/apis/tags/UserdataApi.md#validate_userdata) | **post** /userdata/validate | Validate user data
*UsersApi* | [**create_user**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#create_user) | **post** /users | Create a user
*UsersApi* | [**find_current_user**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#find_current_user) | **get** /user | Retrieve the current user
*UsersApi* | [**find_invitations**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#find_invitations) | **get** /invitations | Retrieve current user invitations
*UsersApi* | [**find_user_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#find_user_by_id) | **get** /users/{id} | Retrieve a user
*UsersApi* | [**find_user_customdata**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#find_user_customdata) | **get** /users/{id}/customdata | Retrieve the custom metadata of a user
*UsersApi* | [**find_users**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#find_users) | **get** /users | Retrieve all users
*UsersApi* | [**update_current_user**](docs/apis/tags/UsersApi.md#update_current_user) | **put** /user | Update the current user
*VLANsApi* | [**create_virtual_network**](docs/apis/tags/VLANsApi.md#create_virtual_network) | **post** /projects/{id}/virtual-networks | Create a virtual network
*VLANsApi* | [**delete_virtual_network**](docs/apis/tags/VLANsApi.md#delete_virtual_network) | **delete** /virtual-networks/{id} | Delete a virtual network
*VLANsApi* | [**find_virtual_networks**](docs/apis/tags/VLANsApi.md#find_virtual_networks) | **get** /projects/{id}/virtual-networks | Retrieve all virtual networks
*VLANsApi* | [**get_virtual_network**](docs/apis/tags/VLANsApi.md#get_virtual_network) | **get** /virtual-networks/{id} | Get a virtual network
*VRFsApi* | [**create_vrf**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#create_vrf) | **post** /projects/{id}/vrfs | Create a new VRF in the specified project
*VRFsApi* | [**create_vrf_route**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#create_vrf_route) | **post** /vrfs/{id}/routes | Create a VRF route
*VRFsApi* | [**delete_vrf**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#delete_vrf) | **delete** /vrfs/{id} | Delete the VRF
*VRFsApi* | [**delete_vrf_route_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#delete_vrf_route_by_id) | **delete** /routes/{id} | Delete a VRF Route
*VRFsApi* | [**find_vrf_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#find_vrf_by_id) | **get** /vrfs/{id} | Retrieve a VRF
*VRFsApi* | [**find_vrf_ip_reservation**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#find_vrf_ip_reservation) | **get** /vrfs/{vrf_id}/ips/{id} | Retrieve all VRF IP Reservations in the VRF
*VRFsApi* | [**find_vrf_ip_reservations**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#find_vrf_ip_reservations) | **get** /vrfs/{id}/ips | Retrieve all VRF IP Reservations in the VRF
*VRFsApi* | [**find_vrf_route_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#find_vrf_route_by_id) | **get** /routes/{id} | Retrieve a VRF Route
*VRFsApi* | [**find_vrfs**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#find_vrfs) | **get** /projects/{id}/vrfs | Retrieve all VRFs in the project
*VRFsApi* | [**get_vrf_routes**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#get_vrf_routes) | **get** /vrfs/{id}/routes | Retrieve all routes in the VRF
*VRFsApi* | [**update_vrf**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#update_vrf) | **put** /vrfs/{id} | Update the VRF
*VRFsApi* | [**update_vrf_route_by_id**](docs/apis/tags/VRFsApi.md#update_vrf_route_by_id) | **put** /routes/{id} | Update a VRF Route

## Documentation For Models

 - [ActivateHardwareReservationRequest](docs/models/ActivateHardwareReservationRequest.md)
 - [Address](docs/models/Address.md)
 - [AuthToken](docs/models/AuthToken.md)
 - [AuthTokenInput](docs/models/AuthTokenInput.md)
 - [AuthTokenList](docs/models/AuthTokenList.md)
 - [AuthTokenProject](docs/models/AuthTokenProject.md)
 - [AuthTokenUser](docs/models/AuthTokenUser.md)
 - [BGPSessionInput](docs/models/BGPSessionInput.md)
 - [Batch](docs/models/Batch.md)
 - [BatchesList](docs/models/BatchesList.md)
 - [BgpConfig](docs/models/BgpConfig.md)
 - [BgpConfigRequestInput](docs/models/BgpConfigRequestInput.md)
 - [BgpNeighborData](docs/models/BgpNeighborData.md)
 - [BgpRoute](docs/models/BgpRoute.md)
 - [BgpSession](docs/models/BgpSession.md)
 - [BgpSessionList](docs/models/BgpSessionList.md)
 - [BgpSessionNeighbors](docs/models/BgpSessionNeighbors.md)
 - [BondPortData](docs/models/BondPortData.md)
 - [CapacityCheckPerFacilityInfo](docs/models/CapacityCheckPerFacilityInfo.md)
 - [CapacityCheckPerFacilityList](docs/models/CapacityCheckPerFacilityList.md)
 - [CapacityCheckPerMetroInfo](docs/models/CapacityCheckPerMetroInfo.md)
 - [CapacityCheckPerMetroList](docs/models/CapacityCheckPerMetroList.md)
 - [CapacityInput](docs/models/CapacityInput.md)
 - [CapacityLevelPerBaremetal](docs/models/CapacityLevelPerBaremetal.md)
 - [CapacityList](docs/models/CapacityList.md)
 - [CapacityPerFacility](docs/models/CapacityPerFacility.md)
 - [CapacityPerMetroInput](docs/models/CapacityPerMetroInput.md)
 - [CapacityPerNewFacility](docs/models/CapacityPerNewFacility.md)
 - [CapacityReport](docs/models/CapacityReport.md)
 - [Coordinates](docs/models/Coordinates.md)
 - [CreateDeviceRequest](docs/models/CreateDeviceRequest.md)
 - [CreateEmailInput](docs/models/CreateEmailInput.md)
 - [CreateInterconnectionPortVirtualCircuit201Response](docs/models/CreateInterconnectionPortVirtualCircuit201Response.md)
 - [CreateInterconnectionPortVirtualCircuitRequest](docs/models/CreateInterconnectionPortVirtualCircuitRequest.md)
 - [CreateMetalGatewayRequest](docs/models/CreateMetalGatewayRequest.md)
 - [CreateSelfServiceReservationRequest](docs/models/CreateSelfServiceReservationRequest.md)
 - [CreateSelfServiceReservationRequestPeriod](docs/models/CreateSelfServiceReservationRequestPeriod.md)
 - [Device](docs/models/Device.md)
 - [DeviceActionInput](docs/models/DeviceActionInput.md)
 - [DeviceActionsInner](docs/models/DeviceActionsInner.md)
 - [DeviceCreateInFacilityInput](docs/models/DeviceCreateInFacilityInput.md)
 - [DeviceCreateInMetroInput](docs/models/DeviceCreateInMetroInput.md)
 - [DeviceCreateInput](docs/models/DeviceCreateInput.md)
 - [DeviceCreateInputIpAddressesInner](docs/models/DeviceCreateInputIpAddressesInner.md)
 - [DeviceCreatedBy](docs/models/DeviceCreatedBy.md)
 - [DeviceList](docs/models/DeviceList.md)
 - [DeviceMetro](docs/models/DeviceMetro.md)
 - [DeviceProject](docs/models/DeviceProject.md)
 - [DeviceProjectLite](docs/models/DeviceProjectLite.md)
 - [DeviceUpdateInput](docs/models/DeviceUpdateInput.md)
 - [DeviceUsage](docs/models/DeviceUsage.md)
 - [DeviceUsageList](docs/models/DeviceUsageList.md)
 - [Email](docs/models/Email.md)
 - [EmailInput](docs/models/EmailInput.md)
 - [Entitlement](docs/models/Entitlement.md)
 - [Error](docs/models/Error.md)
 - [Event](docs/models/Event.md)
 - [EventList](docs/models/EventList.md)
 - [FabricServiceToken](docs/models/FabricServiceToken.md)
 - [Facility](docs/models/Facility.md)
 - [FacilityInput](docs/models/FacilityInput.md)
 - [FacilityInputFacility](docs/models/FacilityInputFacility.md)
 - [FacilityList](docs/models/FacilityList.md)
 - [FindIPAddressById200Response](docs/models/FindIPAddressById200Response.md)
 - [FindMetalGatewayById200Response](docs/models/FindMetalGatewayById200Response.md)
 - [FindTrafficTimeframeParameter](docs/models/FindTrafficTimeframeParameter.md)
 - [GlobalBgpRange](docs/models/GlobalBgpRange.md)
 - [GlobalBgpRangeList](docs/models/GlobalBgpRangeList.md)
 - [HardwareReservation](docs/models/HardwareReservation.md)
 - [HardwareReservationList](docs/models/HardwareReservationList.md)
 - [Href](docs/models/Href.md)
 - [IPAssignment](docs/models/IPAssignment.md)
 - [IPAssignmentInput](docs/models/IPAssignmentInput.md)
 - [IPAssignmentList](docs/models/IPAssignmentList.md)
 - [IPAssignmentMetro](docs/models/IPAssignmentMetro.md)
 - [IPAssignmentUpdateInput](docs/models/IPAssignmentUpdateInput.md)
 - [IPAvailabilitiesList](docs/models/IPAvailabilitiesList.md)
 - [IPReservation](docs/models/IPReservation.md)
 - [IPReservationFacility](docs/models/IPReservationFacility.md)
 - [IPReservationList](docs/models/IPReservationList.md)
 - [IPReservationListIpAddressesInner](docs/models/IPReservationListIpAddressesInner.md)
 - [IPReservationMetro](docs/models/IPReservationMetro.md)
 - [IPReservationRequestInput](docs/models/IPReservationRequestInput.md)
 - [InstancesBatchCreateInput](docs/models/InstancesBatchCreateInput.md)
 - [InstancesBatchCreateInputBatchesInner](docs/models/InstancesBatchCreateInputBatchesInner.md)
 - [InstancesBatchCreateInputBatchesInnerAllOf](docs/models/InstancesBatchCreateInputBatchesInnerAllOf.md)
 - [Interconnection](docs/models/Interconnection.md)
 - [InterconnectionCreateInput](docs/models/InterconnectionCreateInput.md)
 - [InterconnectionList](docs/models/InterconnectionList.md)
 - [InterconnectionMetro](docs/models/InterconnectionMetro.md)
 - [InterconnectionPort](docs/models/InterconnectionPort.md)
 - [InterconnectionPortList](docs/models/InterconnectionPortList.md)
 - [InterconnectionUpdateInput](docs/models/InterconnectionUpdateInput.md)
 - [Invitation](docs/models/Invitation.md)
 - [InvitationInput](docs/models/InvitationInput.md)
 - [InvitationList](docs/models/InvitationList.md)
 - [License](docs/models/License.md)
 - [LicenseCreateInput](docs/models/LicenseCreateInput.md)
 - [LicenseList](docs/models/LicenseList.md)
 - [LicenseUpdateInput](docs/models/LicenseUpdateInput.md)
 - [Membership](docs/models/Membership.md)
 - [MembershipInput](docs/models/MembershipInput.md)
 - [MembershipList](docs/models/MembershipList.md)
 - [Meta](docs/models/Meta.md)
 - [Metadata](docs/models/Metadata.md)
 - [MetadataNetwork](docs/models/MetadataNetwork.md)
 - [MetadataNetworkNetwork](docs/models/MetadataNetworkNetwork.md)
 - [MetadataNetworkNetworkBonding](docs/models/MetadataNetworkNetworkBonding.md)
 - [MetalGateway](docs/models/MetalGateway.md)
 - [MetalGatewayCreateInput](docs/models/MetalGatewayCreateInput.md)
 - [MetalGatewayList](docs/models/MetalGatewayList.md)
 - [MetalGatewayListMetalGatewaysInner](docs/models/MetalGatewayListMetalGatewaysInner.md)
 - [MetalGatewayLite](docs/models/MetalGatewayLite.md)
 - [Metro](docs/models/Metro.md)
 - [MetroCapacityList](docs/models/MetroCapacityList.md)
 - [MetroCapacityReport](docs/models/MetroCapacityReport.md)
 - [MetroInput](docs/models/MetroInput.md)
 - [MetroList](docs/models/MetroList.md)
 - [MetroServerInfo](docs/models/MetroServerInfo.md)
 - [MoveHardwareReservationRequest](docs/models/MoveHardwareReservationRequest.md)
 - [NewPassword](docs/models/NewPassword.md)
 - [OperatingSystem](docs/models/OperatingSystem.md)
 - [OperatingSystemList](docs/models/OperatingSystemList.md)
 - [Organization](docs/models/Organization.md)
 - [OrganizationInput](docs/models/OrganizationInput.md)
 - [OrganizationList](docs/models/OrganizationList.md)
 - [ParentBlock](docs/models/ParentBlock.md)
 - [PaymentMethod](docs/models/PaymentMethod.md)
 - [PaymentMethodBillingAddress](docs/models/PaymentMethodBillingAddress.md)
 - [PaymentMethodCreateInput](docs/models/PaymentMethodCreateInput.md)
 - [PaymentMethodList](docs/models/PaymentMethodList.md)
 - [PaymentMethodUpdateInput](docs/models/PaymentMethodUpdateInput.md)
 - [Plan](docs/models/Plan.md)
 - [PlanAvailableInInner](docs/models/PlanAvailableInInner.md)
 - [PlanAvailableInInnerPrice](docs/models/PlanAvailableInInnerPrice.md)
 - [PlanAvailableInMetrosInner](docs/models/PlanAvailableInMetrosInner.md)
 - [PlanList](docs/models/PlanList.md)
 - [PlanSpecs](docs/models/PlanSpecs.md)
 - [PlanSpecsCpusInner](docs/models/PlanSpecsCpusInner.md)
 - [PlanSpecsDrivesInner](docs/models/PlanSpecsDrivesInner.md)
 - [PlanSpecsFeatures](docs/models/PlanSpecsFeatures.md)
 - [PlanSpecsNicsInner](docs/models/PlanSpecsNicsInner.md)
 - [Port](docs/models/Port.md)
 - [PortAssignInput](docs/models/PortAssignInput.md)
 - [PortConvertLayer3Input](docs/models/PortConvertLayer3Input.md)
 - [PortConvertLayer3InputRequestIpsInner](docs/models/PortConvertLayer3InputRequestIpsInner.md)
 - [PortData](docs/models/PortData.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignment](docs/models/PortVlanAssignment.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignmentBatch](docs/models/PortVlanAssignmentBatch.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignmentBatchCreateInput](docs/models/PortVlanAssignmentBatchCreateInput.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignmentBatchCreateInputVlanAssignmentsInner](docs/models/PortVlanAssignmentBatchCreateInputVlanAssignmentsInner.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignmentBatchList](docs/models/PortVlanAssignmentBatchList.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignmentBatchVlanAssignmentsInner](docs/models/PortVlanAssignmentBatchVlanAssignmentsInner.md)
 - [PortVlanAssignmentList](docs/models/PortVlanAssignmentList.md)
 - [Project](docs/models/Project.md)
 - [ProjectCreateFromRootInput](docs/models/ProjectCreateFromRootInput.md)
 - [ProjectCreateInput](docs/models/ProjectCreateInput.md)
 - [ProjectList](docs/models/ProjectList.md)
 - [ProjectUpdateInput](docs/models/ProjectUpdateInput.md)
 - [ProjectUsage](docs/models/ProjectUsage.md)
 - [ProjectUsageList](docs/models/ProjectUsageList.md)
 - [RecoveryCodeList](docs/models/RecoveryCodeList.md)
 - [RequestIPReservation201Response](docs/models/RequestIPReservation201Response.md)
 - [RequestIPReservationRequest](docs/models/RequestIPReservationRequest.md)
 - [SSHKey](docs/models/SSHKey.md)
 - [SSHKeyCreateInput](docs/models/SSHKeyCreateInput.md)
 - [SSHKeyInput](docs/models/SSHKeyInput.md)
 - [SSHKeyList](docs/models/SSHKeyList.md)
 - [SelfServiceReservationItemRequest](docs/models/SelfServiceReservationItemRequest.md)
 - [SelfServiceReservationItemResponse](docs/models/SelfServiceReservationItemResponse.md)
 - [SelfServiceReservationList](docs/models/SelfServiceReservationList.md)
 - [SelfServiceReservationResponse](docs/models/SelfServiceReservationResponse.md)
 - [ServerInfo](docs/models/ServerInfo.md)
 - [SpotMarketPricesList](docs/models/SpotMarketPricesList.md)
 - [SpotMarketPricesPerMetroList](docs/models/SpotMarketPricesPerMetroList.md)
 - [SpotMarketPricesPerMetroReport](docs/models/SpotMarketPricesPerMetroReport.md)
 - [SpotMarketRequest](docs/models/SpotMarketRequest.md)
 - [SpotMarketRequestCreateInput](docs/models/SpotMarketRequestCreateInput.md)
 - [SpotMarketRequestCreateInputInstanceAttributes](docs/models/SpotMarketRequestCreateInputInstanceAttributes.md)
 - [SpotMarketRequestList](docs/models/SpotMarketRequestList.md)
 - [SpotMarketRequestMetro](docs/models/SpotMarketRequestMetro.md)
 - [SpotPricesDatapoints](docs/models/SpotPricesDatapoints.md)
 - [SpotPricesDatapointsList](docs/models/SpotPricesDatapointsList.md)
 - [SpotPricesHistoryReport](docs/models/SpotPricesHistoryReport.md)
 - [SpotPricesPerBaremetal](docs/models/SpotPricesPerBaremetal.md)
 - [SpotPricesPerFacility](docs/models/SpotPricesPerFacility.md)
 - [SpotPricesPerNewFacility](docs/models/SpotPricesPerNewFacility.md)
 - [SpotPricesReport](docs/models/SpotPricesReport.md)
 - [SupportRequestInput](docs/models/SupportRequestInput.md)
 - [TransferRequest](docs/models/TransferRequest.md)
 - [TransferRequestInput](docs/models/TransferRequestInput.md)
 - [TransferRequestList](docs/models/TransferRequestList.md)
 - [UpdateEmailInput](docs/models/UpdateEmailInput.md)
 - [UpdateVirtualCircuitRequest](docs/models/UpdateVirtualCircuitRequest.md)
 - [User](docs/models/User.md)
 - [UserCreateInput](docs/models/UserCreateInput.md)
 - [UserList](docs/models/UserList.md)
 - [UserLite](docs/models/UserLite.md)
 - [UserUpdateInput](docs/models/UserUpdateInput.md)
 - [Userdata](docs/models/Userdata.md)
 - [VerifyEmail](docs/models/VerifyEmail.md)
 - [VirtualCircuit](docs/models/VirtualCircuit.md)
 - [VirtualCircuitCreateInput](docs/models/VirtualCircuitCreateInput.md)
 - [VirtualCircuitList](docs/models/VirtualCircuitList.md)
 - [VirtualCircuitListVirtualCircuitsInner](docs/models/VirtualCircuitListVirtualCircuitsInner.md)
 - [VirtualCircuitUpdateInput](docs/models/VirtualCircuitUpdateInput.md)
 - [VirtualNetwork](docs/models/VirtualNetwork.md)
 - [VirtualNetworkCreateInput](docs/models/VirtualNetworkCreateInput.md)
 - [VirtualNetworkList](docs/models/VirtualNetworkList.md)
 - [Vrf](docs/models/Vrf.md)
 - [VrfCreateInput](docs/models/VrfCreateInput.md)
 - [VrfIpRangeCreateInput](docs/models/VrfIpRangeCreateInput.md)
 - [VrfIpRangeList](docs/models/VrfIpRangeList.md)
 - [VrfIpRangeUpdateInput](docs/models/VrfIpRangeUpdateInput.md)
 - [VrfIpReservation](docs/models/VrfIpReservation.md)
 - [VrfIpReservationCreateInput](docs/models/VrfIpReservationCreateInput.md)
 - [VrfIpReservationList](docs/models/VrfIpReservationList.md)
 - [VrfList](docs/models/VrfList.md)
 - [VrfMetalGateway](docs/models/VrfMetalGateway.md)
 - [VrfMetalGatewayCreateInput](docs/models/VrfMetalGatewayCreateInput.md)
 - [VrfRoute](docs/models/VrfRoute.md)
 - [VrfRouteCreateInput](docs/models/VrfRouteCreateInput.md)
 - [VrfRouteList](docs/models/VrfRouteList.md)
 - [VrfRouteMetalGateway](docs/models/VrfRouteMetalGateway.md)
 - [VrfRouteVirtualNetwork](docs/models/VrfRouteVirtualNetwork.md)
 - [VrfRouteVrf](docs/models/VrfRouteVrf.md)
 - [VrfUpdateInput](docs/models/VrfUpdateInput.md)
 - [VrfVirtualCircuit](docs/models/VrfVirtualCircuit.md)
 - [VrfVirtualCircuitCreateInput](docs/models/VrfVirtualCircuitCreateInput.md)
 - [VrfVirtualCircuitUpdateInput](docs/models/VrfVirtualCircuitUpdateInput.md)

## Documentation For Authorization

 Authentication schemes defined for the API:
## x_auth_token

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Auth-Token
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com
support@equinixmetal.com

## Notes for Large OpenAPI documents
If the OpenAPI document is large, imports in metal.apis and metal.models may fail with a
RecursionError indicating the maximum recursion limit has been exceeded. In that case, there are a couple of solutions:

Solution 1:
Use specific imports for apis and models like:
- `from metal.models.default_api import DefaultApi`
- `from metal.types.pet import Pet`

Solution 1:
Before importing the package, adjust the maximum recursion limit as shown below:
```
import sys
sys.setrecursionlimit(1500)
import metal
from metal.apis import *
from metal.models import *
```
